ADR-30 (authz) update based on authz audit (#9270)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/architecture/adr-030-authz-module.md

- 2019-11-06: Initial Draft
- 2020-10-12: Updated Draft
- 2020-11-13: Accepted

> - 2020-05-06: proto API updates, use `sdk.Msg` instead of `sdk.MsgService` (the latter concept was removed from SDK)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2020-05-06: proto API updates, use `sdk.Msg` instead of `sdk.ServiceMsg` (the latter concept was removed from SDK)
```
also maybe reference the issue/PR that removed `sdk.ServiceMsg`?

Author: OK, will reference the PR.

We will create a module named `authz` which provides functionality for
granting arbitrary privileges from one account (the _granter_) to another account (the _grantee_). Authorizations
must be granted for a particular `Msg` service methods one by one using an implementation
of `Authorization` interface.

### Types

Authorizations determine exactly what privileges are granted. They are extensible
and can be defined for any `Msg` service method even outside of the module where

> the `Msg` method is defined. `Authorization`s use the new `Msg` type from
> ADR 031.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `Msg` method is defined. `Authorization`s reference `Msg`s using their TypeURL.
```

#### Authorization

```go
type Authorization interface {
	proto.Message

> 	// MsgTypeURL returns the fully-qualified Msg service method URL (as described in ADR 031),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	// MsgTypeURL returns the fully-qualified Msg TypeURL (as described in ADR 020),
```

```proto
service Msg {
  // Grant grants the provided authorization to the grantee on the granter's
  // account with the provided expiration time.
  rpc Grant(MsgGrant) returns (MsgGrantResponse);

  // Exec attempts to execute the provided messages using
  // authorizations granted to the grantee. Each message should have only
  // one signer corresponding to the granter of the authorization.
  rpc Exec(MsgExec) returns (MsgExecResponse);

  // Revoke revokes any authorization corresponding to the provided method name on the
  // granter's account that has been granted to the grantee.
  rpc Revoke(MsgRevoke) returns (MsgRevokeResponse);
}

// Grant gives permissions to execute

> // the provide method with expiration time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// the provided method with expiration time.
```

```proto
service Msg {
  // Grant grants the provided authorization to the grantee on the granter's
  // account with the provided expiration time.
  rpc Grant(MsgGrant) returns (MsgGrantResponse);

  // Exec attempts to execute the provided messages using
  // authorizations granted to the grantee. Each message should have only
  // one signer corresponding to the granter of the authorization.
  rpc Exec(MsgExec) returns (MsgExecResponse);

  // Revoke revokes any authorization corresponding to the provided method name on the
  // granter's account that has been granted to the grantee.
  rpc Revoke(MsgRevoke) returns (MsgRevokeResponse);
}

message MsgGrant {
  string granter = 1;
  string grantee = 2;

  google.protobuf.Any       authorization = 3 [(cosmos_proto.accepts_interface) = "Authorization"];
  google.protobuf.Timestamp expiration    = 4 [(gogoproto.nullable) = false, (gogoproto.stdtime) = true];

> }

Reviewer 2: That's maybe a comment for #9042, but putting is here. What do you think of simplifying to:
```
message MsgGrant {
  string granter = 1;
  string grantee = 2;
  Grant grant = 3;
}
```

Author: It makes sense. @aaronc  what do you think, shall we do a quick update?

Author: I will do the change in the meantime in a new PR - if nobody will be against, I'm for it.

Author: In the interest of time, I have updated the type definition here, and created a PR to update the package.
